Psalm 8 to the chief musician on the
instrum
some of David Oh Lord our Lord how
excellent is your name in all the earth
who have set your glory above the
heavens under the mouths of babes and
nursing infants you have ordained
strength because of your enemies that
you may silence the enemy and the
Avenger when I consider your heavens the
work of your fingers the moon and the
stars which you have ordained what is
man that you are mindful of him and the
son of man that you visit him for you
have made him a little lower than the
angels and you have crowned him with
glory and honor you have made him to
have dominion over the works of your
hands you have put all things under his
feet all sheep and oxen even the beasts
of the field the birds of the air and
the fish of the sea that passed through
the paths of the Seas Oh Lord our Lord
how excellent is your name in all the
earth
you